The governing body has asked me to speak to you for a few minutes on the theme,
Jehovah cares for his sheep.
Hebrews chapter 2 verse 1 says,
It is necessary for us to pay more than the usual attention to the things we have heard,
so that we never drift away.
Sadly, some of Jehovah's people have drifted away to the extent that they no longer attend meetings
or go out in the ministry.
For one reason or another, they've become inactive.
Is that your situation?
If so, never forget the words of 1 Peter chapter 5 verse 7.
There, the Bible tells us to throw all our anxiety on Jehovah,
and then it adds the phrase,
because he cares for you.
Because he cares for you.
What do those words imply?
It's true that Peter was speaking to a group of Christians,
so he used the plural word for you in that verse.
But does that mean that Jehovah only cares for his people as a group?
Or does he care for you and me as individuals?
To be honest,
our imperfect mind may fight the idea that Jehovah cares for us personally.
From everything we've seen in this world,
the more power someone has, the less he seems to care about individuals.
For example, a politician might campaign for your vote,
but he doesn't even know your name.
It might be almost impossible for you to approach him.
How different from our God, Jehovah.
Jehovah cares for each individual who has entered into a relationship with him.
How do we know that?
Open your Bible to John 6 and verse 44.
Now here, Jesus made a profound statement about those who choose to serve Jehovah.
At John 6, verse 44, Jesus said,
no man can come to me unless the father who sent me draws him.
Now, think about what those words imply.
By means of the preaching work, which reaches us individually,
and by means of his Holy Spirit, which helps us grasp the truth,
Jehovah personally draws us toward his son and toward his organization.
To draw someone, Jehovah must see something of value in that person,
and that means he must care about that person.
But what if for some reason you've drifted away from the congregation?
Does that mean Jehovah has forgotten you?
Not at all. Consider the love Jehovah showed for his people,
the Israelites, even when they were separated from their homeland,
and taken captive by the Assyrians.
Did Jehovah forget about them?
Did he reject them?
Would he ever welcome them back home?
Once the Israelites were moved to change their course,
Jehovah took notice.
At Jeremiah chapter 31 and verse 18, he says,
I have surely heard Ephraim's moaning.
But what was Ephraim moaning?
What were the people crying out to Jehovah?
Bring me back, and I will readily turn back for you are Jehovah my God.
Or as another translation renders those words,
you are our God.
Please let us come home.
When the Israelites called out to Jehovah for help,
he heard, he cared, and he responded.
Can Jehovah do the same for you?
Yes, in fact, he is already searching for you.
Open your Bible to Ezekiel chapter 34 and verse 16.
Now, as we read this verse, notice four things
that Jehovah does for his precious sheep who have been lost.
At Ezekiel 34 and verse 16, Jehovah says,
the lost one I will search for,
the stray I will bring back,
the injured I will bandage,
and the weak I will strengthen.
Did you notice four things that Jehovah does
for those who have been lost?
First, he searches for them.
Once they're found, he brings them back.
Then, he bandages their wounds,
and finally, he strengthens them.
If you are inactive,
do Jehovah's words at Ezekiel 34, 16 touch your heart?
Perhaps you feel similar to the writer of Psalm 119,
who begged Jehovah in verse 176.
I have strayed like a lost sheep.
Search for your servant,
for I have not forgotten your commandments.
The fact that you are watching this broadcast
is evidence that you haven't forgotten Jehovah,
and he hasn't forgotten you.
In fact, it could be
that by means of this program,
Jehovah is searching for you.
The question isn't,
why are you inactive,
or how long have you been inactive?
The real question is,
are you ready to come home?
Admittedly, it will take effort to return.
But what will happen when you put forth that effort?
James chapter 4 verse 8 says,
that when you draw close to Jehovah,
he draws close to you.
That means he still cares for you as an individual.
But it's urgent that you act without delay.
Why?
Open your Bible to Luke chapter 21 and verses 34 to 36.
The clear warning that Jesus gave
should be food for thought for every one of Jehovah's precious sheep.
At Luke chapter 21 verses 34 and 35, Jesus said,
pay attention to yourselves,
that your hearts never become weighed down
with overeating,
and heavy drinking,
and anxieties of life,
and suddenly,
that day be instantly upon you as a snare.
For it will come upon all those dwelling
on the face of the whole earth.
Now, notice the call to action in verse 36.
Keep awake then,
all the time making supplication
that you may succeed in escaping all these things
that must occur
and in standing before the Son of Man.
The message in these verses is clear.
The nearness of the end makes it urgent
that we pay attention to ourselves.
The August 15, 2015 watchtower
offered some thought-provoking comments on this matter.
It stated,
how bad do you expect conditions to become
before the Great Tribulation?
For example,
do you expect that there will be a war in every country?
No food on anyone's table?
An illness in every household?
Under those conditions,
even skeptics would feel compelled to admit
the Bible prophecy was undergoing fulfillment.
However,
Jesus said that most people would take no note of His presence,
carrying on with life's normal activities
until it is too late.
Thus, the Scriptures indicate
that world conditions during the last days
would not become so extreme
that people would be forced to believe
that the end is near.
Well then,
the article said this,
we should not assume
that much time is needed
for the state of this world to develop to the point
where the ten horns
and the wild beast of Revelation 17 verse 16
turn on Babylon the Great,
the world empire of false religion.
Let us bear in mind
that God will put it into their hearts
to make that move,
and this could happen swiftly,
and at any time,
the end of this entire system of things
is not far off.
Brothers and sisters,
do you sense the urgency in those words?
It may be that until now,
you thought that some world event
would make it clear
that you need to return to Jehovah,
but the Bible tells us
that the Great Tribulation
will break out with such suddenness
that it will catch people unaware,
leaving no time to make changes.
Really then,
if you have been inactive
and waiting for the right time to return,
this is it,
and you can be sure
that Jehovah will welcome you back home.
He views each sheep
as a valuable part of his congregation.
In fact,
notice what Jehovah says about his people
at Malachi chapter 3 and verse 17.
Now, as we read the words in this verse,
think about the value
that Jehovah places
on each individual in his organization,
including those who may have drifted.
At Malachi chapter 3 and verse 17,
Jehovah says about his people.
They will be mine,
says Jehovah of Armies,
in the day when I produce a special property.
The footnote in the New World translation
gives an alternate rendering
for special property
as treasured possession.
Imagine,
in Jehovah's eyes,
even if you have drifted from the flock,
you have not been discarded.
And why?
Because you are still precious to Jehovah.
They are mine, he says,
and he views you as special property,
as a treasured possession.
That means,
if you're lost,
Jehovah wants you to be found.
If you're hurt,
he wants you to be healed.
And we do too.
After all,
you are our fathers and mothers,
sons and daughters,
brothers and sisters.
We long for the day
that you will be reunited with us
so that we can serve Jehovah together once again.
The message then is clear.
This is the time.
There is no better place to be
than in the protective arms of Jehovah.
He is searching for you
and inviting you to come back home.
Please,
act now without delay.